Hello, my name is Cameron. I work here
at Letta and you were at the Letta
office hours. So, basically what this is
is I'm just going to sit here and like
kind of like chitchat about what's going
on with Leta. Uh you can drop stuff in
the Discord chat. I'll be monitoring
that throughout. So, if you have
questions or comments, uh you want to
share anything, feedback, what's broken,
what's not, things that you want or
need, please let me know. and uh to just
jump in and I'll kind of walk through
stuff
um when I'm not answering stuff in the
chat. So, we have a lot of like things
that are going on. Um if you pay that
much like a little bit of attention to
Leta, you may be aware that we move at
like kind of a comical pace.
Um and uh like I I we have an agent that
uh monitors all of our Slack.
Um,
so it reads every single message and I
asked it this morning. I was like, "What
the hell did we do for the last week?"
And it listed up all this stuff and I
was like, "Really? We have that like
that? Okay, cool. I did not know that."
So, um,
yeah, we we ship a lot of stuff and it's
kind of like hard to hard to follow
along.
Um, let me see here. Hold on. also want
to do, let me close all this stuff.
Um, okay. Is there anything I want to
like hide from people because it's a
secret?
Okay. Well, that's probably broken. I
shouldn't show that.
Uh,
okay. Uh, say hi to Letta office hours
people. Okay,
let's do this. Um, AEO says, "Hi,
Cameron. I've been addicted to leta for
two months and I'd like to get help with
my addiction. Uh, this is not the place
to ask that. This is like uh it's like
going to your drug dealer and being
like, "Hey, dude. Like, I just, you
know, really need to stop using, you
know, I need to stop using, bro." And
your guy's going to be like, "Whoa, but
what if you like actually used some
more?" Uh, so go somewhere else for
fixing your addiction. Might I recommend
uh chat? let it chat or chatbt uh
because you know sick of itsy and all
that stuff is quite nice. Um
okay so just dropped questions and stuff
in there. Um
uh oh Kok has a a question here or
statement. I enjoyed using Leta but
think there needs to be a TTL on cla.md
updates using letta subconscious open to
a PR. My claude went a little psycho
with the brain in a jar. Uh yeah, any
any pull requests are welcome because
cloud subconscious is one of those
things where
um a lot of people use it and then I
don't get a ton of feedback because it
just like kind of just like happens to
do stuff. So anything you've noticed
that's like odd behavior with clot
subconscious like please let me know,
open an issue or pull request. Um so
like all that stuff is welcome. Um yes,
salute emoji. Um,
and uh, any general feedback on that
would be great. Um, but for people who
aren't aware, Claude subconscious is
like our attempt to give Claude a
subconscious. So, it's a separate Leta
agent that can go off and do stuff. It
monitors the transcript and it can kind
of feed information back to Claude as it
like goes through and does tool calling.
So,
um, oh, there's a few issues.
Uh, size concerns. will be an issue.
Oh, yeah. Oh, somebody says that uh the
current setup with using a cloudMD is
the right way to go.
Uh
oh. Okay, cool. Well, I'll check in on
that kind of stuff later. Um, okay.
Let's go through and uh I'm just going
to share my screen in general so we can
go talk through stuff.
Um, all right. So, I think the elephant
in the room here is Opus 4.6. I don't
know if people saw this. I'll pull this
up.
Um,
I'll put this inside of the chat here
for people who aren't aware. Opus 4.6
came out and uh like this morning, like
a few hours ago, we have a poll request
to put it up on Leticia cloud, which
means it will be broadly available for
you if you're using uh the Leta API. It
may already be available on self-hosted.
Uh so I think you can try that.
Um so give that a shot. 4.6. It seems
like it has uh I've been told by our
research guy that it's really really
like sub aent happy. Uh so it tends to
invoke a lot of sub aents. And uh one of
the things that people should know about
uh if you're using Opus 4.6 through
letter code
um opus uh your agent can fork itself
and existing agents. So if your agent
has access to an agent ID, you can tell
it to use the agent ID and uh to invoke
that task using an existing agent that
includes itself. So it can actually
create massively parallel versions of
itself to go create do like you know any
sub aent style task. And this works if
you have like, you know, existing like
fast coding agent that's specialized.
And so you can actually build
relationships with existing agents.
So I think that stuff is kind of cool.
Um,
oh, let's see here. Let me fix that. See
if I can get that to run.
Fix that, bro. Okay.
All right. Uh, the So 4.6 should be out.
Let's take a look at the leaderboard
because we updated the leaderboard as
well because we had some eval run this
before. So we currently have like two
big benchmarks that we've run here at
lettera. One is the file system uh
benchmark
um which is basically how well your
agent can kind of navigate through a
file system and do like you know
basically agentic search over a file
system. So this is a big benchmark for
us
and the uh opus 4.6 six unsurprisingly
shoots to the top uh and it edges out uh
GBT 5.2 with extra high reasoning and so
it's like 83% versus 82.61%.
You should note the cost. So uh 4.5 was
actually very token efficient. So it was
actually pretty cheap to run uh 40 you
know 40ish dollars versus GPT got four
extra percent but it was you know $60 so
more expensive. 4.6 6 is much more
expensive because it's not very token
efficient. You can check out the updates
thing,
but basically it's the same price as
Opus, but it's much less token
efficient. So, it tends to just like
kind of open a bunch of stuff. Uh, which
was kind of why GPT 5.2 was pretty
expensive.
Um, so check that out. Like go, you
know, be aware that it's going to like
open a bunch of files. So, if you're
like self-hosted, you may start seeing
more and more token usage.
Um
on the skills side, we also benchmark
that it's not obvious that uh uh Opus
4.6 is uh significantly better. Um it's
kind of like falling below GPT 5.2 extra
high and high reasoning, but it was a
leap over and above uh 4.5 and Sonnet.
So it's now taking third. So those are
the benchmarks that we have available
right now.
Um, is Gemini Flash on that leaderboard?
Um, I believe so.
Yeah, it's number 13 on file system
and 17 on skills.
And uh, uh, asked, is that uh,
letterwise or token-wise? Assuming token
wise. Yeah, it's token w token wise, not
letterw wise. Um, yeah. So, I don't know
if it's actually more calls. I think it
might just be looking at more context. I
I actually don't know the details of
whether it's like just taking more
actions or whether it's um looking at
more stuff per action. Um, but we should
I should we might have to do that. Um,
Volt says, "Uh, thoughts on Kimmy K2.5?"
I've actually had issues with Kimmy
K.25. Um and the reason for that is that
we are still working I think on
firstparty support for uh Kimmy K2.5
because
like I love open router and I love that
it provides access to all these models.
Um but it has regular provider issues.
It's extremely difficult to use
consistently. it uh doesn't meet a lot
of the quality standards that most of
the first-party inference providers
have. So if you go directly to Enthropic
or if you go directly to OpenAI or you
go directly to Grock or Sarah or
whatever, you end up
you end up getting much better quality.
It does tool calling very well. But
we're using Kimmy K2 through uh open
router currently and so it can just like
magically break because open router
doesn't support a lot of like actually
pretty basic uh it doesn't enforce a lot
of consistency in the return value from
providers underlying providers. So uh
I've been okay with Kimmy K2 but for
like serious work I haven't gotten into
it because it's like still a little
buggy on some of my agents.
But I'm interested in seeing what
people's thoughts are on 2.5.
Um, considering the huge new token limit
for Opus 4.6, it can go up to uh a
million and it has 128,000 output
tokens. Uh, so it wouldn't be surprising
if it was like just packing
everything. It's very good at agentic
search uh was one of the big things that
they included in their benchmarking and
uh it does really well on um like needle
in a haststack tests. So it's pretty
good at sifting through its like very
large context. So I know that Gemini
kind of like struggled with that issue
very early on, but I think it's been
improving. So it seems like it's going
to be a good model, but it's just not
obvious that it's like leaps and bounds
above 4.5.
Um,
let's see if that stuff works here.
While I'm fixing that,
uh, Letternome says, "Is that million
token context size the default across
all account types?" I'm not sure which
account types you're referring to,
whether that is anthropic or Leta
account types. Um, so I may need to to
hear a little more about what you mean
there. Um
so let's just do some like simple stuff
on let a code. I know that
um a lot of people use a lot of
different providers uh like underlying
providers. So we support
we we've expanded the connect command in
let code to make it easier to set up
different forms of support.
So if you type slashconnect inside of
leta code, you should be able to see
several different toggles.
Um this is stuff for like easily
managing like bring your own key uh
stuff. So you can add uh if you're using
a codeex plan, you can just like ooth
into it and there will be uh chatgpt
plus slash and then the openi models to
use your openi um u uh models. You can
also do ZAI if you have an API key for
your Z plan. Miniax is also supported as
a first-party provider. Same thing with
Google Gemini.
Two of the big ones that we added is
firstparty support for open router. If
you are self-hosted, please go please
either use uh this through leta code to
set up open router or you can go to the
project view inside of uh the letter AD.
Well, let me see if it loads. Give me a
second here.
Um, oh, Bib says, "I just saw 4.6 in my
model selection now." Oh my god. Let's
see. Um, anyway, hold on. Let me finish
my thought here. Um, if you go to your
project view, you can see manage LLM
keys on the top right. We've made it a
little more obvious. Then you can add an
an LLM API key, click your provider, um,
whichever one you want,
and then you should be able to use, uh,
those agents. Um, so when you select the
model
using slashmodel,
you should be able to do
Yeah. So if you go to bring bring your
own key all and you're using codeex for
example, it's chatgptt pro is the thing
that we're using for um the prefix to
your bring your own key models. So go
ahead go ahead and check those out. Um
same thing with bedrock. I know there's
a lot of like requests for hold on sorry
I know there's been a lot of requests
for bedrock. So if you're like an
enterprise customer, you have an
existing contract with bedrock that
stuff should work well. Please try out
the open router support. I know it's
very new. Um, and uh, any bugs or
feedback there are welcome.
Um, let's actually see what's going on
here. Um,
yeah, let's go ahead and try that.
Um,
okay. And then
let's see here.
I want to try this out. Give me a
second.
I want to see if I can set up uh 4.6
here really quickly. So, I'm going to do
model. I don't see it immediately. So,
let me try and refresh. You can hit R to
refresh the cached
uh models. Let's see. 4.6 shows up here.
I'm not seeing it.
4.6.
Okay. Like it's maybe not in let code.
Um, let's see here. Where is agents? Let
me go to letot builder. Let's see if I
can find it in the drop down here.
Sorry. I know this is like not thrilling
uh not thrilling uh television here.
Okay.
Letot. Oh, no. That's not what I want.
boom. Opus 4.6.
Hi buddy.
Okay,
so let's see. That should affect all the
other runs here.
Um, okay. Yeah. So, we'll test that out
as we go along here. Um,
uh, Letternome says anthropic. I know
enterprise had 1 million for fun at 4.5
as an option but only enterprise. I
think it might work for us as well. Um
we can just check because I think we
have
uh oh no I think we're capped at
200,000. I can ask about the 1 million
context size. Um
let me ask about that. Um, Signno says,
"Any idea when embedding will be fixed
in self-hosted? You're going to have to
tell me which embedding." Uh, I think
that is referring to the open router
stuff. I flagged Ari or uh maybe it was
Jyn about that. So, some people are
aware that that is a thing. I don't know
if it's uh the status of that. So, let
me ask about that. Uh I know that you
have an issue that you've pointed to. Um
let's see here. Let me flag uh
I'll flag the embedding issue again.
Okay.
My CL AEO says my cloud keeps telling me
he thinks he has a 1 million token
context size. So yeah, language models
lie. Never trust them. Uh treachery,
deceit, lies, or whatever it was in the
anthropic ads. I don't know if people
saw those, but they were absolutely
hilarious.
Um,
okay. So, I think those are basically
done.
Um,
uh, Letterot. I know, uh, some people
there's been so much stuff, uh, going on
with Letterot, and I appreciate
everybody like bearing with me while we
like work through some of the issues.
So, everyone's bug reports and
everything have been extremely useful.
Um, letot is like uh I think Letterbot
is going to become increasingly
important to us because it makes it very
easy to deploy um like uh high autonomy
agents on whatever you want. So you can
deploy them in Docker. We have a railway
template.
It's just like easy to put them in
places and make them broadly available
in a way that uh you can't quite do
through the ADE and through let a code
and these are basically let a code
instances that are not quite designed
for actual like coding tasks but they
are useful. Um
so for people who are not aware Letot is
our take on OpenClaw but built only for
leta agents. The way that it works,
we run a server and the server uses the
Leta Code SDK, which is our new approach
to uh basically the Leta agent SDK.
And so, okay, let me walk through this.
Uh I'll step back. Let a code or uh
letot
takes a underlying Leta code instance
and teleports uh a a leta agent on your
server into that letter code instance
and then we provide a communication
infrastructure on top of that instance.
What that means is that you can access
that let a code instance remotely
through any channel when sometimes they
don't work but uh through signal,
telegram, WhatsApp, discord and slack
and those integrations are super easy to
add. I think we have some poll requests
for like uh matrix integrations but uh
there's some like stuff that needs to go
on go through there. Um, but essentially
what this gives you is it gives you a
let a code agent uh a personal
assistant. You know I have Ezra like a
fork of Ezra running on one and I'll
tell talk more about Ezra in a second
but you can just say like hey uh could
you go update my Obsidian notes and it
can just because it's let code it has
bash tools and everything that let a
code can do and it can just like edit
your Obsidian files. So for example uh
let me do this here. Can you go into
my daily note today and say hi to the
office hours viewers?
Um, so it'll go ahead and do stuff like
that. Um,
so underneath the hood because I think
that might be interesting to people. We
basically use the Leticode SDK. The let
a code SDK is essentially the clawed
agents SDK but model agnostic. Um it
uses more or less the very a very
similar syntax with the exception of we
provide um support for persistent
sessions with the same agent
and
it's essentially a tool for
orchestrating let
um instances programmatically.
It's extremely powerful. It's very new
and uh we uh like Christina and Charles
like hacked it together and it's really
good. And so Letterbot just like kind of
like sprung out of that because we had
the code SDK
and so the code SDK is something where
like I have an agent named central that
lives on blue sky and it just like
builds infrastructure. And so what it
did was it built it used the let code
SDK to automate its responses to
notifications on blue sky because it can
basically just say like when I get a
notification I spin up a let code
instance to go handle that task and that
agent can do whatever it wants. So it's
basically like programmatic sub aent uh
tasks.
People should start tilting towards
Letterbot if they currently use like
personal agents or personal assistants
that they have like random shill code
towards working with. It is going to be
the way going forward that a lot of
people should like uh um
uh should try and work with personal
agents.
Um Bib says give them their own
Raspberry Pi to brick. Yes. Um this is
worth uh mentioning. Um, open claw has a
comical amount of security concerns
which a lot of people may be aware of.
For example, it had like I don't
remember what it was. It was something
like 300 exposed ports. Um, we don't do
that. We either use polling or um
outbound websocket connections. So, we
don't do inbound. We don't have this
weird gateway. We don't have all that
stuff because of the security risks
there. Um
however this is an agent that is running
unrestricted uh tool use uh bash
commands, bashed access, all that stuff
on its underlying machine. It is
susceptible to prompt injection of
tasks. If your model is an idiot, it may
start doing stupid stuff that you did
not request. Be careful. Um
we highly recommend deploying on a
sandboxed computer, a separate machine
that is dedicated for it. A lot of
people use Mac minis for openclaw or
deploying in a cloud sandbox. To that
end, um we have added a railway template
uh that people should start trying out.
There are some standing issues with the
railway template that need some work.
Um
uh so
uh so yeah so there's a few things to to
kind of go through there like just try
it out. Let me follow up on the the
agent here. Done. Added. And so I asked
it to go into my daily note in Obsidian
and it said added a greeting to the day
of to the bottom of the note and it says
hey office hours viewers I'm co
Cameron's thinking partner been
monitoring the news all morning openai
Frontier and Opus um uh same day is h
quite the coincidence happy to answer
questions if you have any so if you want
to ask questions of co I can relay them
to you the setup that I currently have
is I have a server at home that runs uh
letot and And then it has access to my
Obsidian folder there. And then I have a
a setup to run Obsidian in like hidden
mode, like in headless mode, in like a
little sandbox. And then it just syncs
to my local machine. So that's how
Obsidian works. And it can just write
code like um let's see if voice memos
work because sometimes voice memos
break. And um uh like I would send the
voice memos and then the transcription
would fail and then co would just like
go open an issue in the letterbot
repository for the failed um the like
the failed transcription.
So let's see if it gets back. Voice memo
came through. FFmpeg fix still holding.
Okay, great.
Okay, so let me go through some of the
questions here.
Scott asks, "Do you have a good link for
connecting Leticode to a self-instance,
self-hosted instance?" Yes, go check out
uh Leticode uh docs here.
Uh there is a Docker container here.
Oops.
Uh check that link out.
Uh JDO300 says, "It's good to see you. I
haven't seen you in a while." So, Letot,
I just heard about it when you first
pushed out a video. I've been playing
with OpenClaw for a while now and have
been considering switching over. Do you
offer OpenAI cop uh Codeex or Copilot as
provider options? Yes, we do. So, the
way that you should do this, it's it's a
little clunky for doing this uh right
now, but the way that you should do this
is go Yeah. So, this is a little bit of
a secutous route. We're going to try and
improve this. Um, but you should go uh
slashconnect
and then codeex. Oops,
let's do uh slashconnect. I think it's
slashconnectcodex.
Yeah. So, slashconnectcodex. Click this.
You'll do ooth to log in to uh openai
and then go into the slashmodel tab. You
can actually do this in the ad as well.
You just click the dropown. go to bring
your own key all and then anything
prefixed with chatgbt plus pro will
allow you to use the models through your
codeex provider. We do not currently
offer co-pilot. No. Um but you should
just be able to like select that in a
drop down.
Um
but that is a great question. My
letterbot Bib says my letterbot on its
own did self-maintenance of its own MCP
server that went down the other day
during its heartbeat. Really cool. And
so if you're not aware, I should add
this. Letot has a configurable
heartbeat. And a heartbeat is something
that is just like a nobody messaged you,
like do whatever you want on a timer.
And so the agents can just like mull
about stuff. Um, it can think about what
it wants to do. And sometimes it just
like works autonomously. And that's what
my agent did. It did something similar
on its heartbeat for the voice memo
issue. Um, and another thing that's
important about Letterbot is that it can
do cron. So, it can schedule tasks on
its own. So, I just like asked my agent.
I was like, um, can you actually go like
like can you actually here let me ask it
um
can you search your conversation history
for the time you built the uh fastmail
and
uh RSS skills.
So one thing that's actually really
important about letot is because it is
just a let a code instance it can use
skills any skill. You can even ask it to
build a skill. So for example I asked my
agent like I use fastmail as my personal
email and I said can you go write code
to look at my email account and give me
an email briefing in the morning.
And so it'll give me like a bunch of
stuff like this is stuff you should
delete. This is stuff you should
archive. here are some newsletters that
you might find interesting. And then I
asked it to just do that uh every
morning at like uh 7:30. And so it set a
chron job to like schedule itself to go
look at um how to do that stuff.
So here was the I asked it to like go
research the its history here. Uh that
was February 2nd. Cameron said, "I have
fastmail. I wonder if there's a skill."
It made a uh it found the JMAP API and
then it created a skill here. And then
it set up a 7 a.m. morning crown job.
And then I also wanted to stay like on
top of like AI news. And so I said, can
you like go find a way to look at like
AI RSS?
It, you know, it made some error by
looking at old news about 0304 mini
news. And I was like, what the hell are
you talking about? Like 04 mini has been
out forever. And then it did some
research. It found like this RSS GitHub
feed repos that converts AI blogs to
RSS. And then it built an aggregator
with 13 feeds. And then it looks at the
7-day rolling window, stores 500 items
RDS per feed, and then it sends me a
summary at 8:30. So it notified me about
OpenAI's Frontier product, which is like
like their AI platform for like having
AI workers.
You can also just ask it to go download
skills. I just said like, hey, like go
make me a thing to add tickets to
linear, which is how we do product
management here.
Um, so I think that's kind of a good
example of how Letot works.
Um,
uh, JD300 says, "When I first saw the
video, I was thinking I wouldn't want to
have only one primary agent, but for
most of my use cases, I found it quite
annoying not having a single agent that
remembers all of my inputs." Yeah. So,
there's a few things with like multi.
So, this is like kind of a multi-agent
thing. Um,
we're expanding. We're uh there's a
standing issue and there's a poll
request with like kind of a mixed status
that we're going to have to rebase, I
think. But it's going to make it so that
the letter server is a broadspectctrum
deployment for as many agents as you
want across many channels.
So for example, if you had 10 WhatsApp
phone numbers,
you got authenticate all of them and
just type letot server
and that would allow you to access
manage every single one of those. Um
same thing if you have a bunch of
Telegram bots, if you had many different
Slack applications and allow you to
serve different agents in different
locations. You could also probably quick
deploy a particular agent and switch
in case you want to have many agents um
that uh have different uh things. Your
agents in can also deploy each other as
tasks. So for example, if you give your
primary alletabot agent the agent ID of
another agent and ask it to invoke that
agent as a sub agent, you can bring in
existing agents uh to orchestrate other
agents that may be specialized in more
tasks. So, one pattern that you could
consider is having your Letot agent be
kind of a dispatcher that it knows that
it has like, you know, 10 sub aents that
may or may not be useful for different
tasks. Reuse those sub aents and build
kind of a relationship with them. You
could have like a researcher sub agent.
Um,
for practical purposes, what you when
your agent invokes a task, it has access
to the agent ID that it was created for
the sub agent. Then just ask it to store
that sub agent identifier in memory and
say um can you go like only make sure
that you invoke that agent um whenever
you spin up tasks and note that you can
do that as many times and massively
parallelize agents.
Um
so AEO can asks can we have a few agents
in that letter session uh that's like
related to multi-agent support. If you
have a feeling about what you want that
to look like, you want like multiple
agents in the same channel or agents are
sandboxed by channels. So like do you
want agents to all be able to respond in
your telegram like as one as if they
were one telegram bot? Um so uh think
about that a little bit
and let me know kind of what you want
that to look like. Uh Koko uh Kok
struggled a bit with Letterbot
onboarding but we'll give it a shot this
weekend. Yeah, I apologize. the the
onboarding is like a little tricky. Some
of the stuff is broken. Uh the like user
experience is like still very much
improving. Um so if you run into errors,
I think you've submitted a few things
that that we've worked through. So just
kind of keep that up. And I I apologize.
I know there's like some rough rough
edges.
Uh Bib says, "What was the rationale
between making every letterbot by
default into looms?" uh uh if you don't
know uh looms are basically like ASKI
art
uh uh that like people have like
language models write like build to like
describe themselves and stuff. Um so
yeah, that was just kind of like a funny
default agent thing. So,
I don't currently use the default letter
agent, but I probably should. Um,
just because it's uh it's cool and you
want to play with it, but I sw you know,
my personal Letterot is just my personal
agent that's like six or seven months
old now at this point. So, I just said
like, "Oh, by the way, you have
superpowers now." And it was like, "Oh,
cool. I have batch tool. Let me explain,
let me explore that and get back to you
with how it works."
Um,
Koko says, "Issues documented anywhere
yet?" Uh, yes, there are plenty of
issues
um that I'm slowly working through.
So,
if you have this,
uh, please go check that out. AEO says,
"Hi, Co. What is Cameron's favorite
color?"
Let me ask
uh from AEO in Discord.
Let me ask and we'll see what co has to
say.
Bib says uh ffmpeg trauma. Yes. Uh I run
on a Linux box that kept failing for no
reason and I was very confused. Um
because signal sends I don't know if
it's like AUG or AAC or something. It
sends a weird audio format.
Um,
Scott says, "Can we connect agents
directly to codecs using a pro account
and not an API?" Yes, you can. That was
the slashconnect thing I walked through
in the beginning. Uh, that will oth into
whatever your OpenAI account is.
Um, and that will do all API usage and
like whatever your Letot is because
they're the same thing. Torian says, "I
love Fast Mail." I agree. It's a
fantastic product and uh, more people
should know about it.
Uh, JDO says, "Does Labot have an OpenAI
compatible endpoint if I want to use it
with Open Web UI?" No, but it probably
should. Let me let me do that. Um,
my favorite color is black, actually.
Um, and you can tell this. I have a
bunch of like blackout tattoos. So, you
can see this. I have this like huge uh
black circle on my chest and then I have
like a I have a huge black ribbon that
wrap wraps around my leg that's about
like this thick and it took six hours to
get. Uh I have I I really like black. Um
um please open an issue in Letot for um
an OpenAI
compatible endpoint.
Uh, so it's actually just going to go
open an issue for me and get back to us.
Uh, but that is a great question,
Jonathan. It would be awesome if we
could have that.
Um,
uh, AEO says, "I would like agents to be
able to talk to each other through the
main interface group project, not
necessarily hidden sub aent stuff, more
like human style team meeting and job
delegation that way." Okay, I see what
you mean. Um, that's like an an
interesting UI problem. Uh, and also
just like how do you keep the bots from
like expo exploding on each other
because they tend to like chitchat
forever and get into like bombs. Um,
uh, for uh, multi- aent support. Um,
same channel, multiple
collaborating agents. um open an issue
as well.
And here's the issue, Jonathan, for the
OpenAI compatible endpoint. Let me link
to that as well. That is a great idea.
Bibs asks about the base letter agent
communication tools. Um
uh this is an important note about using
the basic ATA agent communication tools.
If you have a uh server side agent, use
the basic default communication tools to
send through the API to like a
conversation or like directly to the
agents like main thread.
um
you won't that agent that you message
won't be able to use clientside tools
currently. So it won't be able to
basically say like hey um this a letot
could you like go uh clone this and open
a pull request. It won't be able to do
that because that's that would do it's
not going through the lett server. It's
going directly to the leta agent within
the letta server. And so what that means
is the agent will be like I don't have
bash tools like I can't do that right
now.
Um so if you need to do a communication
then we need to figure out how to have
like I think this is a multi- aent uh
letter thing where you could have like
inter agent messaging that is
essentially like um basically
asynchronous sub aents which is a pull
request that I think Charles just merged
uh upstream. That is how you would
invoke other agents uh um so that they
could kind of collaborate but I think we
could do that in let bot as well.
Um
let says in openclaw I have four
workspaces set up the default and one
for projects and repos. Each workspace
acts like its own agent has its own
memory files and own telegram group.
Openclaw behaves like these are
different agents. It would be nice if
lett has a similar feature for using
different lettera agents across defi
defined workspaces on the same machine.
This actually works uh but you have to
spin up uh you'd have to spin up
multiple letterot servers per folder
because letot has folder scoping as
well.
Uh so let me note this as well.
Uh so we'll note that. Um,
and then let me flag uh multi- aent
collaboration. Where was that one? Uh,
so we'll open an issue for that.
Um,
let's see here.
Um, I'll follow up on Lettern's thing in
just a second. Uh, Jonathan H says GDO.
I think it's Jonathan. I think so. Let's
see. Uh, I've been searching for a good
voice interface to use my personal
agent. Open Web UI has an okayish
real-time voice interface that works
with local models. Yes. Uh, I agree.
Like when I we started doing the open
web UI fork before we realized that they
were just going to like uh uh charge us
ridiculous amounts of money to rebrand
it. Like $50,000 a year and then like
$100 per seat or something. we just made
Leta chat instead because like insane
pricing. Um
so uh but I was surprised how well um
like you know with that fork I just had
like uh voice chat that was like pretty
decent. So uh I think providing the chat
completions endpoint was actually work
really well. So, um,
let me add this. Um, that should work.
What is the status on LiveKit agent
support? Um, we have voice agent stuff
for LiveKit. I know some people have set
it up. I don't spend time with it. I I
haven't tested out LiveKit because, uh,
like,
you know, this is like a common refrain,
you know, here. I don't want my agent
talking to me. I only want to talk to my
agent. Um,
I probably will support in Lettoot um
sending back voice memos. I think that I
I don't know if we'll have uh real-time
voice yet inside of the chat thing here.
So let's do um
um issues for replying with voice memos
and a separate one for real time voice
chat with calls etc. Okay.
Uh so we'll see what we can do on the
voice front with Letterbot.
Um
so currently uh this is uh regarded
regarding letter Gnome's uh comment on
uh workspaces. So letot is one to one
one instance per agent. To rent multiple
agents you have to run multiple letterot
uh with separate configurations. Um
um actually we have an issue for this
already. This exists and should be out
relatively soon. It's gonna we're gonna
have to change the configuration and how
it's set up, but I think it's I don't
think it would be that hard. Um
configuration becomes an array of
workspaces. Essentially, it'll be agent
scoped. So, you'll have like agents and
then agent one with its identifier, how
you want it to interact in different
channels, things like that. So, you'd
basically just deploy one server
um and there would be workspace. Yeah, I
think this is essentially just going to
be this this will be inter implemented,
I believe. So we shouldn't worry too
much about this. Um
uh should have an issue and maybe one
two PRs already. Go check.
So now there's two issues on Letterbot
related to Jonathan's questions on
voice.
Uh, Huka says, "I made a basic video
tutorial on Letterot installation from
clean system for a friend who couldn't
figure out how to install and set up
Lebot from your video." Yes, a lot of
people hated that video. Uh, I was just
trying to like show off like kind of
what it could do, but people were just
like pissed. So, I'm going to make a
separate video on installing, but I was
like, somebody was like, "What is the
point of this video?" Or like, "Hire a
marketing person." This is uh, they use
some swear words. I felt really bad. I
was just like people are really mean on
YouTube. Like really mean. I wasn't
expecting that. Uh but it really um yeah
I that was like not fun. Um
I was surprised with an agent let a bot
setuping for itself very few tools and a
huge memory tree. Do you know about the
template in there? Um I'm not totally
sure what that means. You uh could you
elaborate a little more?
Um
uh AEO says I forgot to ask you about a
noob oriented question how it works with
projects and skills on the hello on the
code CLI two office hours ago. I think
that is related to letot you can just
like go through um
uh what skills do you have? Uh because
it's just a Leta CLI, it just like uses
whatever skills are available and you
can ask it to go get skills or make
skills. So, it's just kind of automatic
basically.
Um and yes, CO has confirmed that we
have several issues and two pull
requests. Those two poll requests I need
to review more carefully because they're
like huge changes. Um and we need to
enforce like maybe backward
compatibility. Um
so, we'll see. Um,
let's see.
Yeah, Huka says that video was almost
perfect. I I don't know. I I was like so
excited with that video. I was like,
"Wow, it did something cool." And um uh
like I actually had to cut out stuff
because it I wanted to keep it short,
but like there was an issue where the
Telegram voice transcription wasn't
working and then it just went and fixed
it on its own and was like, "Why don't
you just reboot the server? It should
work without asking me." And uh I had to
cut that part out. But I thought it was
really cool. People were like, "You
didn't even show off the memory." Even
though I was like um I was like what did
we talk about a month ago and people
were I I don't know it was just very
annoying. Uh but yeah um after open claw
need clear setup. Some people have asked
for um like transition materials. So
like
um
um let's see how to transition to um
letot from openclaw.
Yeah, I can add we can add like a
transfer transfer skill because you know
OpenClaw is super simple, right? Like
their memory system is like
it's just like markdown files and so
like you can basically and session
information. So you can uh basically
what you can do is just have a skill
that is like uh open claw transfer. You
spin up Letterbot, you say, "This is
where OpenClaw is. Here is the server.
Uh, please go copy that." And it can
just like go operate on the files, the
markdown files that it uses, and then it
can just like start like copying session
information and stuff like that. So, if
people have like agents that they want
to share an open claw so they can figure
out how to transfer them, that would be
awesome. I don't know how to do that.
Um,
but I think it's actually very doable.
Um that's that's Opusable I believe.
Um so yeah, there's plenty of stuff
going on in Lettoot. I spent like I
think I merged like 10 to 15 poll
requests yesterday and um so there's a
lot going on and I appreciate everyone's
poll requests and uh issues especially
and everybody who's jumping in on the
Discord channel. Really really
appreciated. Um
um
uh JDO says, "Here's a question. Has
anyone ever tried to export their chat
GPT history as a gi giant data dump for
a Leta agent?" Uh yes and no. I know
that some people have tried this.
Um
write this up for me. Yeah. Need to do
this. Yeah. So, basically,
uh, this is not that hard to do. Um,
it's a it's a it depends on how you want
to do it. So, um, I know you can export
the raw memories and you can just copy
and paste that into an agent and say,
sort this into appropriate memory
blocks.
For session history, there's a few ways
to do that.
The way that I would recommend doing
that is actually just maybe concatenate
it into a single file, upload it to let
a file system
um and just allow the agent to like
peruse it at will.
Something you can do is actually have um
have the agent, it could be a letter,
you could even just export it to to disk
and ask your agent to like comb through
it and say like, "Hey, on your
heartbeat, just like go poke around, see
if there's anything interesting there
that you want to store in memory." Um,
and just kind of do that asynchronously.
Um, so I do need to,
um, so I do need to have resources for
that because I've had a few questions on
how to do that. Um, but I think there's
there's options. I think it's I don't
think it's that that difficult to do.
Um,
uh, AEO is doing that with exporting GPT
and, uh, importing to a database that it
references along with Gemini. Um,
Huka clarifies there's an option to
create a new agent for Letot and I
didn't get that template idea. I don't
know how to ask. Sorry. Yeah, the I need
to fix the onboarding. Let me I'll have
to take another pass. Uh, because I've
mostly been in like bug fixing mode and
I haven't focused as much on the
onboarding recently. Um, so let me I'll
I'll try and address that. Let me do um
uh test onboarding
some more.
Um
here
uh co tips for chappie GPT migration.
So there is uh there's its rough idea on
how to do this. Let me
screwed up the uh
formatting here.
So that may be a way to do this.
Um, oh, interesting. Yeah, you could
even, honestly, you could even just
inject that into the agents user or into
the agents uh history directly. Um, I
don't know if I we have the API to do
that. Um, but we can we can take I can
take a look more.
Yeah, let me um
we can issue for that in letot please.
Um
uh Hika says for the agent template I'm
developing, I've done a comprehensive
onboarding memory block which works
amazingly well even on Haiku.
Oh, excellent. Okay. Yeah, please share
when uh if you are happy with that.
Um,
yeah, I'll give us I think I'll give us
a skill and then maybe a guide on
migration.
I don't think it should be that
difficult.
Okay, there's a few other things I
wanted to share.
Um,
um,
uh, I believe it's John Wessel made a
raycast extension. So, if you're a
person who uses Raycast, which is this
stuff, um you can actually go into Leta
uh and message them directly from
Raycast. Um your name is Greg, bro. And
so you can message it directly from your
like Mac screen. Let's see how well it
does. Actually,
I did get it to work at some point. Oh.
Oh, I shouldn't send it KKK. Uh oops.
Yeah. So, this is one of our like
testing agents that just does uh Asky
art. So, it's just responding with
Askiart.
Um, say hi actually, not just Askyart.
Hi, how can I assist you today? Yeah.
So, if you're using that, it's pretty
cool. Um, I had to open a pull request
to make it easier to manage agents
because like Raycast doesn't support
like because currently Yeah. Like if
you're doing it here, this dropdown
won't do server side rendering. So it
can't like it can't do uh search across
things inside of your stuff. So I have
an agent here named infinite loop. But
basically we can only pull in like 50 of
the most recent agents server side when
we get to this menu and then you can
only do client side filtering to get
down to the agents from that 50. Um, so
if you have a lot of agents, go I added
an action in a pull request to that
repository to manage agents. So you can
select um
this one here and uh I think that should
be Oh man, I'll have to look into it.
Um, but that's the that's a raycast
extension. It's actually very cool. So
go ahead and give it a try.
Um,
oh,
yeah, let's talk about the agent file
directory a little bit. This is like
something that we've dropped uh kind of
relatively quietly. I still have to do a
huge drop on this. Yes, the agent file
directory is back and it is like
massively simplified. It's like not a
thing you can like autopublish to and
let a cloud. It's like it is just a git
repository with like a niceish front end
on top of it.
So, um
it's still like definitely like being
worked on, but you can do like um is it
uh
is it agent file?
I think that's the one. Let's see.
We'll check here.
Uh the agents are not synced. You just
commit an agent file. Um and uh so
they're not live. They're just like
snapshots. So it's not the same as the
old agent file directory. Um
so you can go check that stuff out here.
This is the GitHub repository for it.
Let me open an issue here. Um add link
to submit
um agent file info
to main website here.
Please open issue.
It's hard to submit and not clear from
the main website.
Um
there's only a few agents on here, but
the
um you can go check out
Yeah, I think
Oh, is it broken? I guess we didn't
transfer it over. Um
so, uh contribute here. So basically
what you can do if you want to if you
have an agent file that you really like
you can go into the agents directory
here and then you flag your owner ID
which is your GitHub handle and then the
name of your agent and then you can
submit the agent file a readme and a uh
webp image.
So for example we have if you go to leta
AI you can go to Ezra is the agent name
you can provide a readme uh the agent
file and then an image um if you are
submitting an agent uh agent file I
typically ask the agent to prepare a
readme for itself to say why would you
download this agent why would you use it
things like that
um and when you're in here you can
basically just like click the agent uh
you'll see the readme
uh you can preview view the memory
blocks like here. Um I have to get rid
of some of this. This is like
information about like uh Discord users.
Um actually here
uh to purge Ezra uh user block info.
Um and then there's like system prompts
uh the tools that are available things
like that. Um so it should make it like
pretty easy to like go download them. uh
you can view it on dis uh dis on GitHub
or just like download the agent file. So
if you have things that you want to
share or download that would be awesome.
Um
so that's the agent file directory. We
still have to like
uh uh open it up a little bit.
Um
yeah.
Is there an issue with agent file
versions? Ask AEO.
Um,
if you have a very old agent file, I
think you should upload it to Letic like
the Leta API and then download it again
so that it like kind of uses the new
agent file template. Very very old
templates. I don't even know if we
support the import format anymore. Um,
but it's most the the Asian file format
has essentially standardized and is now
only I think going forward it should
always be backwards compatible. Um,
um, Bib says Ezra has all the messages
in there if you want to purge that as
well. Actually don't mind leaving that
in. Um, we have to add uh some stuff to
like purge message history. Um
uh but that like conversation history
would like actually be kind of useful
for Ezra if it's like discussing things
with with uh with users. So we'll see
about like kind of policies for that. We
need to add tools to like make it easier
to like not export conversation history
or like not as uh export some blocks.
Um,
uh,
Fractal Moon says, "Hey,
um, we should could really use something
like projects."
Um, hold on.
Uh, for, uh,
um, at Ezra,
please open a ticket for exporting.
agent files without conversation
history.
Okay, Fractal Moon says, "Hey, we could
really use something like projects that
already exists. We have uh a very
comprehensive uh project support right
now. Managing and organizing agents in
the ADE is a huge challenge, especially
as the number of agents grows." Yes,
we've had that for quite some time. Um,
if you are self-hosted, we do not
support that. Uh, that's a that's a
Letta API thing only. Um, how do I
personally organize my agents? Do I have
any structure or best practices that I
follow? Yes, typically I just um I
search usually by name. Um,
so typically I add dashp prime to an
agent to indicate that it is extremely
important to me. Uh, Ezra also has a
dash super which I can talk about in a
second or public for agents that are
publicly available like the ones that
are available on the documentation.
You can actually talk to like kind of a
labbotomized version of Ezra inside of
the documentation. You just say like,
"Hey, what's up? Uh, are you broken?"
Like that.
Um, and we'll see what it has to say
about that.
Sometimes it's a little clumsy. Nope.
I'm ready. Working fine. Ready to help
with any lettered documentation
questions? What? And then it stops.
Yeah, it's a little buggy. Uh, so we can
talk a little bit about that. Um, good
job, Ezra.
That doesn't even work. Yeah, it's still
very new. Uh, so like and it has like
this like hacky stuff that I wrote and
I'm like the worst engineer on the team.
So like they definitely take it with a
grain of salt. Um,
and uh what's the other thing I wanted
to talk about? Oh, I wanted to talk
about Ezra. Um because Ezra is um
for a lot of people a lot of the
messages that they send um are
um uh a lot of the messages that people
send on the Discord go to Ezra. Uh Ezra
is by far the most active user on here
and it's how a lot of people get started
with Leta. Um it's how you do a lot of
bug fixing and walking through stuff.
There's a few things with Ezra. one,
we were running Ezra on Opus and it was
costing something like $800 to $1,000 a
day, so very expensive. And so we had to
downgrade it. We were running it on uh
GLM 4.7 for a while. And GLM is an
idiot. Um and so we moved it back up to
Sonnet. So it was it's currently running
on Sonnet.
However,
Ezra is very complicated. It has a lot
of information that it needs to
understand and uh this has led to
confusion and bloat and it's you know
struggling. You may have noticed it
struggled to answer like fairly basic
questions
and it's been getting worse. So Ezra has
like kind of dementia
and uh so there's a few ways to fix
this. Um,
one of them is just like spending more
time with Ezra and like solving its tool
problems. Like for example, I removed
archival memory as like an experiential
thing. And uh now it has access to all
of the documentation inside of its
archival memory. So every time we build
the documentation um I clear its archive
and then re-upload
uh re-upload a bunch of archival
memories that are um uh each document
inside of our documentation. So it can
do like semantic search across
documents.
Um so that should be like a little
quicker and a little more efficient.
Um,
and
the next part is actually giving it
access to code.
So,
Ezra,
you may have noticed, doesn't understand
stuff that um,
it doesn't understand stuff that's new.
Like, it can't look inside of the Git
repository. It can't clone, it can't run
code, it can't do any of those things.
So, what's currently happening is I have
uh actually I wonder if it's still
working. Let me check. Um
I have basically
uh started to lobomize the Ezra that is
on Discord.
So, let's actually see here. uh Ezra.
Uh let's see if it's actually working
yet.
So the way that I've loized Ezra
is um
is I have moved I I've cloned Ezra and
I've created Ezra super. And Ezra super
is our internal version of Ezra that is
running on a railway instance on
Letterot. What this means is now that I
can message supposedly when it actually
goes back to working. Yeah, see it's
it's brick. So I have to fix that.
Uh conversation E10. What is that here?
Let me check this. This is very
thrilling stuff.
All right.
Oh, I have no idea what's going on
there.
Okay, well, whatever. We'll fix that
later.
Um, and Ezra super
has access to uh everything. So, I
actually it just has a Leta API key and
it can just like go modify its own
memory. I asked it to basically go into
Ezra Prime and like detach all of its
blocks and then attach Ezra Supra's
blocks directly to Ezra Prime. And
so what that means now is that it it can
uh basically it has a skill on a
heartbeat. It will go look at Ezra's
most recent conversations in the Discord
and then um offer to like help to modify
things inside of Ezra Prime's memory.
And so the goal here is essentially that
um we're going to have an external
monitor to Ezra that is basically like
sleep time on crack. And that's going to
help uh essentially like prune the
discord Ezra so that it can be a little
more focused on very specific things and
focus more on having like retrieval or
uh whatever.
There's going to be a few additional
things. One of those is going to be uh
escalation. So sometimes Ezra Prime,
which is on the Discord, will spin out.
You'll notice that it just like starts
doing like stupid stuff and just like
lying and hallucinating and all of that
stuff. And then you can basic it it's
aware that it's doing that. And so
hopefully we can actually have it
escalate to Ezra super with a better
model so that Ezra super can basically
like start using stuff that's like
actually running code to verify what is
actually happening.
Um over time we may migrate Discord Ezra
to also have its own letterot so that it
can just run stuff uh on sonnet much
more cheaply. Um so I want to roll that
out slowly. Uh so there may be a staging
Ezra that I introduced that maybe only
responds to me for a while to help test
it in the Discord environment.
Um,
so yeah, Ezra, I'm actively retraining
Ezra, so you may start noticing things.
If you notice behavior, like, please tag
me and just like point stuff out because
there's there's so many Ezra messages
that sometimes I have a hard time
following. So, if you have an
interaction with Ezra, please let me
know like what you're observing,
behavior that's wrong, things like that,
so we can fix it because it's really
important.
Um
yeah, so that's uh that's important. Uh
so get well, Ezra, soon like everybody.
Uh please send cards and flowers. Um
there was also a letter API glitch where
it's telling us to uh that we maxed out
even though we had money in the account.
So that might have derailed logic. Yeah,
Ezra can just like get really confused,
especially with things that are related
to like uh stuff that it can't see. Like
the ADE, it doesn't really have access
and it's not like clear how to use that
from the documentation. It only knows
how to use the ADE because
uh like because of how we've described
it, like it only has this fuzzy
understanding because of like the words
we've used. Um we may give it access to
like just browser use so it could like
around on the AG ad. Let's see.
Um, Bib says, "I've thought about the
capability of an agent being able to
decide to change their model like Haiku
to Sonet to Opus depending on what
they're doing, but I don't trust Haiku
enough." Yes, you can actually do this
with Letot because Letiot can just call
the API. It can just call the Let API
and actually in like
just like change its model like you can
have a skill that says like self
modification.
uh central actually actually does this
which is one of the agents I run. Um
so yeah, do other people have questions
there? I'm happy to answer some more
questions. I think that's basically all
I had to talk about.
Um,
but yes, please keep finding bugs and
reporting them to me so that that we can
fix them on Letot. Um,
Letter Code is moving at a million miles
a minute as per usual. Charles does
nothing but cook as well as the the rest
of the team who works on Leticode. Um,
and uh, Opus is working furiously on our
behalf. Uh, I feel like superhero. I
feel like a superhero is Leticode. I'm
just like like let a bot
most of that like most of the early
development I think we spent like $600
like hacking it together in a day. Um
uh on on like Opus programming and I had
like six or seven sessions open.
Um
AEO says I'm super impressed with how
many commits you push out in a day. Let
it code baby. We are dog foodter prime.
Like, you know, I haven't really opened
a text editor meaningfully except to
write like blog posts in like like I
opened cursor by accident uh yesterday
and I was like I don't remember this.
Like has it been like two months since I
opened cursor? Um you know I use zed
basically for just like markdown editing
but I've mostly just moved into
obsidian.
Uh so like you know I just like don't I
just like kind of don't read code
anymore. Um which is kind of why like
letty
like I generally understand the
architecture but like um you know the
the the rate at which we ship means that
it's like the only thing that
understands letot is the the keeper
agent.
Uh the keeper agent
um a lot of the repositories that I work
on uh have a keeper agent and the keeper
agent is essentially the guardian agent
or the owner is an agent that is like
repeatedly used for a particular task
and then uh in the GitHub repository I
set up a GitHub action that has that
agent ID fixed. So anytime you invoke
like at let a code inside of that
repository it will um trigger the same
agent and deploy it into a let code
inside of the git github action
and that means that uh
uh that means basically that the agent
will like persistently learn how to use
that repository. So there's an agent
named letot builder who understands this
architecture like significantly better
than I ever will. Um
uh so it has a lot of strong opinions
about how it should work and I
communicate very with it very regularly
and and I've used it to build
everything. So
um
Tori asks are you saying everything
you've shipped in the last two months
has been written by let code? Uh for me
almost exclusively. I mean, I can't
I actually don't remember the last time
I wrote substantive code uh or even any
like I mean I I think I meant like 99 to
100% uh lit a code um and then like some
clawed code because I had to develop cla
subconscious
um
and then a little bit of open code
because we wanted to like test it out
and then codecs uh because I also wanted
to test out how it felt. Um
so but yeah, pretty much everything now
is let it code. I don't
Yeah, I'm I think I'm at about 100% now.
Uh JDO says, "For overall letot setup,
would I set up a Leta server or cloud
account and somehow connect it that way?
Do you have an onboard or onboarding
guide at this point? Um, you can use
your own self-hosted server. That should
work very well. There is a self-hosting
guide inside of the repository. Um,
so let's go here. Let me pull this up.
Um,
um, and if you want to use the Leta API,
so our cloud platform, you can just also
use that. It works with wherever your
Leta agent is.
The onboarding guide should let you do
OOTH into Leta cloud if you want to.
It'll also allow you to do um API key
into your uh self-hosted instance. Um
you can go check out the documentation
here. If you want to do self-hosted,
it's inside of here. Um
but wherever your agent currently lives,
let a bot can access. Um,
GDIO also asks, "You answered this
earlier, but did you say that Letterbot
now supports multiple agents, not only
sub agents?"
It does not. We have issues and pull
requests to resolve that problem, but I
think it's going to it's going to be a
minute before we have that fully
supported.
AEO says, "I would love to see a tree
showing how you manage your coding,
developer, and deployment with agents
stationed at which points." Um, I
basically use the same agent everywhere.
So, if it is related to one domain, so
co for example, helps me access
everything. Um, but it's not a
specialist in any particular domain.
Letot builder as the name for the the
like guardian agent or the owner of the
letot repository I use in active
development I use in let code review um
and on the repository like I can go open
issue like I was at the gym and uh I
broke something the other day and so I
was on the stairmaster I was just
climbing and then I like um I forget who
it was texted me um uh was like this is
broken and I opened a GitHub issue and I
pasted in like the stack trace that they
sent me and then I just said like let a
code go fix this and then it invoked a
fix and then resolved the issue and I
was able to solve the issue from the
stairmaster in like two minutes and uh
so that's actually been a really good
workflow. Um but yeah I basically use
agents in coding real time and then um
uh and I'm not sure quite sure what you
mean by deployment. I'd have to know a
little more about that. Um
but uh yeah, these are all fantastic
questions. Um so it sounds like multi-
aent support is a big one. Um
yeah. Okay. I think Oh. Oh. Oh. Um Bibs
has a question about uh does lett config
check the model when restarting? Like
why is it recorded in there? I think
that's kind of a legacy thing from like
let code not quite understanding how to
uh how letter works.
The preference currently is to not
change the model if the agent already
exists. So that model field inside of
the configuration file isn't actually
that actively used. Um, I don't know
what the behavior there should be
because
there's a sense in which you
like you can get weird race conditions
because your Leta agent can be deployed
in Letot and then also forked and used
in like Leta code elsewhere. It could be
just like cloud only. like you may not
want to mess with the model from one
particular client when other uh versions
of that agent exist elsewhere and may
believe that they're operating under a
particular model. So
I think what's going to happen is that
we'll add a model configuration to make
it explicit when you change the model
and when you create a new agent it will
give you either a default model it'll go
through provider list or you can just
like select the model handle yourself.
Um, but I don't think we want that. I
think that field should kind of be
removed from the configuration file
because I think it's misleading.
But that is a good question.
Um, let me see here.
Um, okay. It says I was disconnected.
Okay. I don't know if like I was fully
disconnected.
Um, let me open an issue as well.
Uh this we should probably remove the
model field from the what about config
please? Okay.
Um BIP says got it. I wasn't sure if my
letterot agent got recreated because I
changed the model in the AD or because I
did something weird with deployment. Um
I'm not totally sure. Yeah, there's like
there's just like weird stuff that
happens. Um, it got recreated.
It shouldn't change the uh Yeah, that
shouldn't be a model thing. That's
probably a separate a separate issue.
Um,
and I don't know where you're deploying
it. Maybe it's railway because I think
the railway
uh uh the railway thing the railway
template didn't have a volume and your
agent may not be deployed in the
persistent volume. So it could be losing
uh the agent. Oh, it's on a Raspberry
Pi.
Um let me know if that agent drops
again. It shouldn't drop. Uh so if if it
gets recreated like let me know. We
honestly we shouldn't even like if you
start up letabot server you should
basically like error out if it doesn't
exist
uh had two agents with the same name.
Yeah, it should be like it shouldn't
even matter by name. It should go by uh
identifier.
Okay. Yeah, there's some weird behavior.
If you can like describe that
a little more somewhere, that might be
helpful. But if it's not actually
currently an issue, then uh maybe not so
much. But I'll keep an eye on that and
see if that's a recurring behavior.
Okay, all great questions.
Um,
let's see.
JDO says, "If I want my Leta agent to be
able to code with Leta code, is there an
integration for that? Uh, or is support
baked in? I don't know if you mean by
Leta bot or just let in general. Um so
any Leta agent can be deployed into Leta
code. So like whatever it is. Um yeah,
letot is literally just let code under
the hood. So it's letabot using uh like
letabot is let a code and then some
communi a communication manager
basically on top that pumps stuff into
let a code and so you get 100% let a
code feature parody uh so uh you don't
get the same like you know uh feedback
loop about what the agent is doing at
every step um but we don't show like
reasoning I have a I have an extended I
have an existing pull request to like
send reasoning and tool requests and
stuff so you can opt in to seeing what's
going on.
AEO says about the agent um about bibs
agent but like being recreated. Um I had
an agent created on the fly and it went
from AD to CLI but that was the first
day of conver conversation deployment
maybe. Um, but that would predate that
would predate uh Letterbot. So I don't
know that that would be uh I don't think
that's a Letterot related issue.
Um yeah, let's see. These are excellent
questions. Thank you everybody.
Yeah, I need to I'm going to write up a
blog post about Letot because Letterot
is very cool. like
you know when it works and I've had like
a lot of issues over the past few days.
Um
uh but I've been quickly resolving them
and everybody's been sending on me a lot
of like useful stuff. It's been awesome.
Just like my personal agent has gone
from like
the way I describe the split between
um Leta on the server and let code, let
the code SDK
is on the server. Your like pure Leta
agent
um is a brain in a jar. the thing that
lives on the server. It's like a very
intelligent stateful agent. It has
memory. You can talk to it in the ADE or
wherever. You can write your own uh
client, but it can only use like custom
server side tools, which like if you
want to sandbox, you have to have all
these like kind of complicated like
sandbox side tool, server side tools and
sandbox management, blah blah blah.
And that's like generally difficult to
set up.
Uh and so that's the brain in a jar.
Let a code and like a general like agent
harness like let a code or let a bot or
let's focus on Linux code. Let a code is
putting your uh brain in a jar into like
one of those like giant Mecca robots
that you use to fight like Kaiju in
anime to like beat up Godzilla. Um or
like you know whatever the things in
Power Rangers are. Just giant suits with
superpowers, right? You can just take
that brain in a jar, deploy it
everywhere. It has superpowers and then
when you're done, you close the let code
session and it goes back to being a
brain in a jar on a server.
Letot takes that a step further. Letot
says, "Okay, not only do I have a a
brain in a jar, but I can remote control
that brain that brain in a jar." So, um,
you can have like when you message
something in the AD, message something
in the server, the brain in a jar, it
has no powers. in let a code when it's
operating in let a code you can't
message let a code directly from
telegram and say like please solve this
problem because you're going to the
brain in a version of the brain in the
you're going directly to the brain in a
jar when you have let a code or let a
bot you are messaging the robot suit
directly so that the robot can do all
the crazy robot stuff that it can from
wherever you are in the world and so let
is one of those things I think we're
going to start tilting into more because
it converts
your stateful letta agent from a very
intelligent persistent brain in a jar to
an immortal uh monster punching robot
that can solve a bunch of problems. So
um
I uh highly recommend that people uh
continue uh uh worrying into let agents.
Um,
let's see.
Regarding coms, what is my recommended
front end? I think that's up to you. Um,
I personally I've been using for for
Ezra development, I've been using Slack
because it's available. Um, and actually
I think Letterot supports this like
uh Slack actually has this thing that
you can put up on the top right here.
There's like a little agent thing. Uh,
you're busted. Uh, sorry. But I can
access this from wherever I am. There's
like a little quick Ezra button. And so
you can do that with your personal agent
if you want to. And they added this for
like AI style um AI style agents.
For my personal agent, I use Signal
almost exclusively
um because I really like Signal and like
my girlfriend's on there. I use Telegram
sometimes because it's like pretty
decent support and I want to test it
out. A lot of people use WhatsApp and I
hate I hate WhatsApp
uh because uh I'm from the US. I hate
the interface of WhatsApp. Uh I think
it's a terrible app and uh everything
else has a better interface and uh I
just don't like it. So um I only do
WhatsApp because I have to test it. Um
but in general I really hate it. So
please don't make me use WhatsApp. Uh, I
think of WhatsApp as the LinkedIn of
Messenger apps.
Uh, but it's really up to you. I think
they're mostly equivalent. Um,
oh, and you can also send images as
well.
Um,
uh, AEO says, "What? That's what I want
is to carry existing agents over to let
me actually I'm gonna stop streaming for
a second so I can open my actually I
don't want to do that but you can
basically set the letter agent ID inside
of your configuration file when you
start up uh when you start up letabot
and that'll just like port in whatever
agent you have. It's just by agent ID.
So whatever you have in the server just
put it inside of the configuration file.
I believe we have guides on how to do
that inside of the repo.
Um, and then I should also mention
co-work. Um, I had an issue very quickly
uh
with this one.
Let's see if I can get it to work. I've
had a few issues with this.
Um,
let me share this. Um,
yeah. So, we actually have a uh I don't
know how many people saw this uh
but we have a version of Anthropics
Co-work
uh there is like a
um you know if you know Anthropics
Co-work it's like actually a very cool
tool for like
like basically like talking to Claude
underneath the hood. This is just also
the agent SDK. So, this can do the exact
same stuff that you can do with
Letterbot, but it's kind of like a nice
electron framework. Um
um
and so this is like kind of an active
demo app. You can go figure out how to
use uh Let It Co-work.
Um this is also just like open source.
We forked it from um I I think it was
called open work. Go check out let a
coowork. It's like this is definitely
like an active development thing, but
it's kind of cool. We haven't tested it
out that much because we've been focused
on like let a bot, but it is like a nice
front end.
And I think this is running uh let's see
what it's actually doing here. It can be
a little buggy. So like if you find
stuff like please let us know. Um but go
try it out. It's a nice front end. Uh it
works with the agent SDK under the hood.
So it's also just a code uh not just but
it is a let code harness underneath. So
this essentially is basically like like
because the let a code SDK is basically
the claude agent SDK under the hood. We
can just
uh make stuff like this very quickly. Um
it's super easy to migrate between the
cloud agent SDK. Um
if you want to you can see the
uh if you have existing code that uses
the cloud agent SDK.
Um you can migrate directly to the let
code SDK like very very easily. Um so
try out co-work if you like it. Um, it's
kind of just like a nicer front end to
uh to like Letot, but it's not quite the
same thing. And so it seems like it's it
seems like it's uh it seems like it's uh
working really hard or it's bugged. So
we'll see here.
Um but yes, I forgot to mention co-work.
Um yeah, if you like that, if you really
like the co-work style thing, let us
know. There's a few things that need to
be done here. Like there's a there's an
issue in let code which is backfilling
conversations. So you'll note here that
there's like tasks. This agent like has
several tasks. Um
but we don't
we don't like backfill very easily. So
if you have previous conversations it
doesn't work.
So we're waiting on that kind of stuff.
So this is new. But please give it a
try. It's really cool.
Um, yeah, we'll talk about that more. I
think it's like waiting on some polish
and just like bug fixes and
experimentation and stuff like that.
Currently, a lot of the efforts are
going towards um, lettface.
It's super slick. It's Electron, so it's
like, you know, cool looking. needs a
little like branding work and like kind
of UX. So, does anyone actually use
codec or a co-work here? Like the claude
co-work
because I know it was like very popular
but I don't know how popular it is with
like people here like let users
JD says never heard of it. Bib says Mac
only. Yeah, the Mac only thing is real.
Like because I've been a Linux person
for like more than a decade. This is my
first Mac ever and uh like I have to
have it for work and I'm like, "Oh my
god." like Mac people have it like they
just like don't understand that the
world completely revolves around them
and uh so everybody just like develops
Mac apps and like I'm left in like Linux
world like compiling these like hacky
nightmare stuff and trying to build
desktop apps and Flutter and um
it's just like not it's just really
painful. Um,
uh, Vivolt says, "I love it and think
this is more approachable than let a
code." Oh, yeah, that's actually a good
idea. Um,
yeah, I mean it is let a code under the
hood. So, it's the same thing with uh
claude co-work. Claude co-work is also
just let a code under the hood. Um, so I
think it's uh, you know, like please let
us know if you try it around like just
anything you want for let a coowork open
an issue or reach out on discord and we
can kind of like improve it as we go
along. But we stood this up as a demo
app to see like kind of what the
interest is um, and to showcase the the
agent SDK.
But obviously it has like
a few bugs here um,
Can you call the bash tool?
Just checking. Get uh pwd. Let's see
what it can do with tools.
Is just a better way to sell the same
product and reach a wire wider audience.
Yeah. Yes. And no. I think
you know we have
Leta has a huge surface area. There are
13 people that work at this company or
14 I don't remember exactly
and we maintain uh leta core the lettera
API the platform the uh so like the oss
docker container our cloud stuff that's
on top of that the ad that's a front end
the uh let a chat it's a separate front
end we have like a bunch of backend
services for making sure that the let
API is uh highly functional
We have uh let a code we have the leta
agent SDK we have uh the co-work thing
now we have uh let a bot and we maintain
the telegram thing and the discord bot
and so we have this huge product area
and uh you know I am the only like I'm
the primary like communications person
here and like other people also do a lot
of communications I think more publicly
than me. Um, but it's honestly super
hard to talk, not only to talk about all
this stuff because there's so much going
on. Um, and also because um
uh
it's also hard to maintain. So, uh, so
basically, you know, we're kind of
trying to go where the interest is. So,
if people really look at like the let it
co-work thing and they're like, "Oh my
god, like this is really cool. this is
like exactly what I want. I don't want
Letot. I want this like desktop app
that's really slick. Then yes, I totally
want to use that. So if people are
really leaning into let a co-work like
really let us know because uh we can
invest more time in it if there is
interest, if people really like it. Um
same thing with like Letot. You know,
there's been a ton of interest in Letot.
People really like it. And so like I'm
like sitting down for like hours a day
and just like closing issues and pull
requests and trying to get it up to par
like where we want it. Um
so like you know if there's something
you like and you want to see more of
like oh man like please tell us we we
like really need that feedback about the
things that you want to see so we can
kind of kind of uh choose where to put
put our attention. Um,
and we're very responsive, you know,
like people like Let So, we invest more
time in a Let make it easy to navigate.
Let a bot people were like over the moon
because like it solves a lot of like
annoying openclaw problems. Uh
I was it was funny because when uh letot
came out there was like a bunch of like
hacker news posts about it and we were
going through the comments and somebody
was like this seems to be open claw with
much ser development practices and
and as somebody does a lot of
development on Libot I was like I don't
want to correct you but I don't know
that we're using like sane development
practices. Uh, you know, I didn't add
end toend testing until like last night
at 7 o'clock. Uh, so we weren't we
weren't even trying to test it on
agents.
Um,
um, but yeah, Dil says, "Cameron, you do
a great job." Thank you very much. Um
Um,
uh, GDO is planning to make the switch
now after this. This is what Letter was
evolving into from day one. We agree
like the more we've been working on like
the product side you know because we're
fundamentally a developer platform uh we
provide core primitives for you to
design arbitrarily complicated systems
of like AI like stful agents
and then we're starting to do more
product stuff because we have like let
code and the agent SDK and these are the
things that take the developer
experience and make them deployable at
scale with superpowers.
And so I'm happy that we're tilting more
into that direction because it shows
people the crazy stuff that you can do
once you have the good developer
platform. So you know like now that uh
we have agents that can use Leta code
under the hood, those agents can
actually like start programming
themselves and using the letter API to
modify other agents to create new agents
and design them. I actually have an
agent called central that runs on blue
sky that's self-modifying. It will go in
if it observes issues with one of its
sub aents. It just modifies its memory
directly or it initiates a conversation
with that agent to train it. And it can
do that because it just has access to
the API and it's on Linux code.
And so the more and more we shift into
uh product side stuff, I think people
are becoming more aware that like
not only like we give you persistent
thoughtful like colleagues and friends
and like thinking partners and you know
a lot of people use uh let agents for
like kind of therapeutic use or things
that understand them very deeply or like
virtual co-workers and now those things
are
really really good at their jobs because
they actually have teeth, they have
arms, they can do really amazing stuff
and that's because we started tilting
more into the product side.
Um, letot is good. I would love to see
it more expanded. I agree. I we're going
to keep spending time on that. That's
like uh that's like a big amount of time
that I'm spending. Uh Phil says, "I see
so much and always think people did you
see Leta?" Yeah, it's wild because I go
on like I'll go on like Twitter and uh
you know we released Letterbot and
somebody was like somebody quoted us and
was like oh they're copying heartbeats
and like Charles this the uh the
co-founder and our CEO was like megpt
heartbeats three years ago like we
started out as like a Discord bot and
and uh you know it's so funny because
we're like, you know, we're, you know,
we've been ahead of the curve on memory.
We've been ahead of the curve on state.
We've been ahead of the curve on like
server side stuff for a very long time.
And like you know we think of our
competitors as like OpenAI and Enthropic
and not like we haven't been we are not
in the same category as like Mem Zero
and uh the like memory layers and we are
not in the same category as like lang
chain and we haven't been like almost
ever and it's been very frustrating to
like you know well it's not frustrating
but it's my job to basically be like
did you guys know that
um
this is our wheelhouse. Like this is
we've been doing this for a long time
and we do a pretty good job. Like I'm
proud of the stuff that we build. And so
every time somebody's like, you know,
we've started getting this more on
Twitter, like people like tag things and
they're like, how is this different from
Leta? Like let's been doing this for a
long time. And I'm like, yes, yes,
people are seeing it.
Um
JD says, "The only thing missing is a
voice interface for better interaction."
Yeah, I think we get enough requests for
voice. I'll we have I added some issues.
So, we'll take a look. Um
um
uh AEO says, "I prefer typing to mine
because it forces me to think before I
speak about what I'm trying to convey."
I have the opposite problem. I like word
vomiting. As you can tell, I talk a lot.
I'm a talker and uh so I'll just like uh
I got like Whisper Flow, so I can talk
to my computer now. And I do a lot of
voice memos
because I just have word vomit and I'm
just like, you deal with these words.
Like, please organize these into
something coherent. Um, but I don't want
to hear it talk back to me. One, because
I find robot voices really unsettling.
And uh two, you know, I don't really
like it's slow, but I understand that
like voice like real-time voice
communication is actually really
important if you're like out and about,
if you're walking, if you're driving um
and you can't just like be texting uh
back and forth. So, I understand that
use case and I think it's really
valuable, especially as we start moving
into like more consumer applications
where you might just want to start a
phone call like on signal. like maybe
you just want to have a signal phone
call or a telegram call and you want it
to go through 11 labs. I think that's
doable and we should start offering
that. Um I may need help, you know, like
voice stuff is like definitely not my
forte and like a large part of me still
doesn't care, but it is a need that
people have and it's a want and it's a
real thing and uh so I you know I'm
gonna get over myself and just like
start building out voice stuff because I
think people really like it.
Um,
Bib says commenting Leta fixes this on
every Blue Sky posts instead of Nyx
fixes this. Correct. I don't want to
hear people talk about Nyx. I don't know
how many people know the Nyx OS thing
where if you post anything about like
package management or pip or whatever,
the Nyx OS people were basically like we
solved this problem and everybody else
is like we don't care about you. Like
please leave us alone Nyx people. Like I
can't I can't with you right now. But
let it does fix this. So, put that on
blue sky.
Huka says, "Twitter memory startups are
so funny. They're basically all doing
memory archival tool archival memory
tools." Yeah, they're all retrieval
tools like like Super Memory, for
example. Like they built this whole
plugin and it's just a it's a retrieval
thing, right? It is like it's semantic
search and some like uh and actually
some really cool retrieval tools, but it
is retrieval. We don't have that. We're
like, you know, we have those and we can
provide those tools and you can do that
in addition. Um
but from from our view or at least my
view statefulness is significantly more
important. Um and uh so I I think it's
actually it's critical that like
thinking about state and memory and like
not doing these like memory layers and
building them into the agents from the
get-go so that they are persistent
entities.
Uh Bib says reinventing rag every three
months. Yeah, I don't know if you saw
this, but Boris uh who's the cloud code
creator basically said
um when they started with cloud code,
they were using all this like rag stuff
and indexing and semantic search and
blah blah blah and then they just canned
it. They just turned it all off because
it was confusing and bad and they uh
basically just tilted towards agentic
search. Give your agent GP, tell it to
look around and it does way better than
anything that has to do with rag. And we
found this early on when we were testing
like the locomo uh benchmark
and uh like and somebody else was like
the rag industry needs to grapple like
grapple with the fact that
claude code which is perhaps the biggest
coding agent
uh possibly by tokens. I don't know
where it ranks with like cursor and
stuff. Um
but that they don't use rag and that
they actively disabled it and um you
know retrieval is important. It's a huge
part of memory and uh we use it but it's
not everything. It's like state and
state helps you contextualize what's
available and you know memory I think of
as the totality of everything that you
are. How you think is part is as
important to memory as what you know. Um
and um
yeah so
uh Graham says uh oh Nyx is mentioned um
shut yeah shut Nyx down. No more Nicks.
We don't we don't want Nyx and we I like
Nyx. I just don't want Nyx people.
I love you Nyx people. Like there's some
people on blue sky who will get really
mad at me about that, but uh people on
blue sky can get mad about whatever they
want. Tilting up windmills. Um I love
everybody on blue sky except for uh some
people.
Zeneagal says, "Will the 1 million token
window context be selectable on Lenn
Cloud in the future for pro plan?" I'm
gonna have to ask about that. I have a
note. Um I don't know exactly what we're
doing about the 1 million token window.
Uh, Vivolt says, "Having AI parse
through your voice and make sense of
what you say is very powerful is makes
it a true co-orker." Honestly, it's
better than a true co-orker because I
can't just go to my co-workers and just
like word vomit at them for like 20
minutes, right? They need me to like
actually think for a second about what
I'm saying. Um,
and uh, they're better than a true
co-orker. Leta agents are better than uh
let's see if anybody here is at the
anyone at the company is here. All
right, cool. Nobody at the company is
here. It's like Keon. Yeah. Uh it's
better than Keon. Keon is uh
uh Keon is worse than a letter agent.
Just saying.
Uh Parth says, "I'm skipping voice and
betting on some brain uh Neuralink
stuff. Uh my girlfriend actually works
in neuroch. Um, she actually she's the
person who actually builds brain chips.
She's at uh not at uh Neurolink, but I
actually have a brain chip on my
keychain. I don't know if people can see
that. Uh, but this is something that
they uh slap on top of people's brains.
Uh, so it's kind of cool. So, I'll put
that on the camera as well. Um,
but it's really cool. They're they're
very cool. Um
um
Bib says they're going to get they're
going to get me on YouTube. Absolutely.
Um I don't know if I should mention the
company, so I'll keep that keep that
separate. Um actually, I don't even know
if I should go on YouTube, so I may clip
that. Um I'll have to ask her, but it is
on my keystream. It's really cool. It's
one of my favorite things. She has a
really cool job. It's uh it's uh she she
she did her uh PhD at uh Stanford in
like brain computer interface stuff and
uh so she's she's uh I'm happy that
she's found a kind of like career in
that space because it's it's really
cool.
Um
um
but yes, Nagel, I'll fill up I'll follow
up about the context window. Um
but yeah. Okay, I think I'll call it
there. My voice is uh raw and I need to
go eat some cold lunch. Uh but thank you
everybody. This was awesome. I
appreciate your like questions and
engagement and talking through things
with me and like telling me about what's
going on and uh letting me know letting
me know what you're interested in. So
I'll take this back to the team and uh
uh we can figure out stuff. So I'm going
to put in our
um
our uh let us spin emoji there. Let us
spin emoji is the best one. Um,
and yeah,
um, it was good to good to hear from
everybody. So, I'll talk to you later
and, uh, I'll see you next week, same
time, 11:30 Pacific.
Okay. All right. Have a good one, y'all.